Although I do not see the possibility of QT being high this year, the nomination of Kevin Warsh still slightly changes my 2026 outlook. 
This is because the QT narrative alone influences the momentum of certain asset classes—and their performance can trigger de-leveraging events.

In previous notes, I mentioned that gold would continue to be an attractive hedge. While I do not drastically change my view on gold, I suggest that gold is slightly less attractive now under the QT narrative.

There are two major variables that drive demand for gold:
1. Global QE trends / betting on currency devaluation
2. De-dollarization / escaping from the U.S. dollar as a safe asset

While central banks led gold’s price momentum in 2024, retail and institutional investors are now driving the momentum—net ETF flows have surpassed global central bank purchases. 
Since investor demand is primarily driven by the first variable rather than the second, any narrative that disrupts the first variable poses a threat to gold’s momentum.

The QT narrative disrupts the first variable significantly. QT pulls excess liquidity out of the system. While the likelihood of the U.S. initiating QT this year is slim, the narrative that QT could be initiated in the future reduces the incentive for retail investors to hedge against currency devaluation. 
At present, however, most retail and institutional investors share the same view as this analysis: QT is unlikely in 2026. This also means a shift in narrative could shake gold prices again.

For the second variable—de-dollarization—I do not think QT alone restores credit for the U.S. dollar, but it could act as a stepping stone to recover some of the credit the U.S. has lost. De-dollarization has been motivated by rapid U.S. dollar devaluation and asset freezes during 2019–2023. While QT does not address both motivations, it still addresses one: currency devaluation.
In general, while I expect central bank purchases to support gold prices to a certain degree, the QT narrative makes gold slightly less attractive than before. It must be noted that this is not a bearish view on gold; gold still remains to be an attractive asset - it's just not as attractive as before unless QT narrative leaves the market entirely.



In terms of the equity market, I expect a shock-prone environment for both the U.S. and emerging markets—except for the Korean market. 
This view aligns with the outlook I suggested in January.

In the January note, I mentioned that the market would stay volatile for some time. 
This was mainly due to low cash levels among fund managers (according to BofA Fund Manager surveys) and low liquidity in the absence of RRP balances.

In a liquidity-scarce environment, equity markets are more sensitive to small shocks. 
This is why I recommended that investors prepare for events such as the Supreme Court ruling. 
While that ruling has not yet been made, other narratives and variables have already shaken equity markets, particularly SaaS companies. 
This aligns with my previous view that “investors will remain cautious toward firms expanding CapEx.”

*This was originally written in early February. The Supreme Court ruling came out two days ago, and the market rallied. 
I have sold additional portions of my portfolio as I anticipate further uncertainty surrounding tariffs over the next couple of months.

The current environment shows typical de-leveraging behavior, which I expect to cause heightened volatility for a period. 
The nomination of Kevin Warsh caused a sharp decline in silver and gold prices. Around that time, CME also increased margin requirements, triggering liquidations and margin calls. 
Dealers often sell crypto (explaining the crypto decline), emerging markets, and then U.S. equities to meet margin calls. I expect heightened volatility whenever CME increases margin requirements.

One interesting observation was made in the Korean market. 
On the day reports about Kevin Warsh were released, I closed all positions in emerging markets and a significant portion of U.S. stocks. 
Following this, the U.S. market declined, particularly among M7s. While dealers also closed positions in Korea as expected, domestic institutional and retail investors heavily purchased the shares sold by dealers. 
Korean investors show strong conviction in the semiconductor industry.


As I noted previously, companies benefiting from the current CapEx cycle—particularly in semiconductors—are likely to perform strongly. This outcome is notable because emerging market performance is often liquidity-sensitive. 
Considering the momentum, while corrections are possible, I do not expect a severe decline in the Korean index unless there is a sharp drop in M7 CapEx spending. 
It is important to note that momentum is primarily driven by retail investors rather than U.S.-based dealers.


In summary, until Kevin Warsh’s hearings, I expect U.S market to remain volatile. If any statements from Warsh are hawkish—reconfirming QT, for example—they could trigger further declines for both U.S and emerging equirt markets.
CME margin requirements will remain a variable that can trigger de-leveraging events for the global market. So far, the Korean market has shown resilience against de-leveraging, which is something to keep an eye on.
Overall, I maintain my previous statement: the U.S market is likely to remain volatile for a short period.



