Yesterday, the Fed announced another rate cut along with balance sheet expansion.
Fed will purchase $40 billions worth of short-term Treasury bills.

Strictly speaking, this is not Quantitative Easing (QE). 
In QE, the Fed purchases long-term Treasuries or MBS, whereas in the announced operation, the focus is on short-term Treasuries, which makes a key difference.

However, this operation has potential to create an effect of Full scale QE. 

During QT in 2024–2025, the Fed has been increasing its holdings of long-term Treasuries while allowing short-term Treasuries to mature.
During the same time, Department of Treasury also reduced its long-term Treasuries issuance. 
With more demand and lesser supply, the price of bond rose; This Operation Twist–like strategy has been effective in suppressing long-term yields

If the Treasury continues to issue only small amounts of long-term bonds and the Fed continues to purchase them, this could produce a full-scale QE–like effect. 
For this reason, it is important to track the Fed’s long-term bond holdings, which the latest data suggest are increasing, albeit at a diminishing rate.


In terms of the scale of the operation, I believe it should have been greater considering the size of the economy.
While I believe the operation will ease the existing short-term liquidity issue, I do not think the amount is sufficient to increase Total Reserves of Depository Institutions / Nominal GDP above 11-12%. 
If FED fails to raise Total Reserves of Depository Institutions / Nominal GDP above 11-12%, FED is likely to face consistent short-term liquidity issue unless they inject liquidity into the market.



Many experts are betting on 19th Japanese rate hike and some are worries of risk with yen carry trade unwind. 
However, CFTC JPY speculative net positions are declining - meaning that most investors are decreasing their exposures to carry trade. 
Investors have effectively reduced the size of their positions to prepare for potential risk. 
I do not expect a serious turmoil due to yen carry trade unwind. 

Japan holds about 1190 billion of treasury (according to the latest update by Ministry of Treasury) 
Japanese investors could start sell their U.S short term treasury. 
But I do not expect large volume sell off in a short-period of time. 
If Japanese investors start sell large volume of short-term treasury, FED will need increase the scale of their operation. 



Overall. I do not forsee great risk in the remaining weeks of December. 
As long as the Fed inject liquidity into the banking system, I believe Market will perform well for the next coming months.
